yet there were only 5,000 spectators on bald heath in Kerkrade and they saw roda
eagerly off the starting blocks, something wanted to make good after the 5 2 defeat
at home against Volendam
boerebach sees a few years it is the first minute of the match
enne touches his countryman from the book
in the maastricht goal and i am i can defender nineteen years
he is young wilson anja
boerebach
in the heart of the roda team barry always meet robbie de la haye
and so did not enter the competition this is Eric Meijer
who sent us this way and that site under borlées because of that she has me
nothing pl
in Kerkrade ahead
0 against a bus
hans fisherman
beautiful pass of mine offside
and Hans Fisher's turn to buy vitesse earlier
he brings and too much head start to the grief of the pol hendrik beans
the noisy
pipes no thyssen reijners
the left is going to be able to
Chris Meijer and who is caught by Boris Haag who looks he does it or does it
ie not she says the mate
And they don't give away a penalty
he looks at you and judges you
marcel meijer is just
with his feet
roda escapes
farmer debate
paint a difficult competition such as roda
the game progressed gradually
increasingly difficult always steadily anticipating
few made it to the back line
hoffmann
go inside
and that it scrape the wall
and the rebound for Arnold the Australian
the flashy response from again
in the third week
of the weather
nice for defending them
arnold and to year again
and there
discuss roorda
come to the fore from FC Twente
the president jordens
that will be replaced
the shot of hiding roma that put back harmonix ball well
and again the rescue of aegon prima goalkeeper
van de leur with the free kicks so went a barrage of attacks
continued with a header of hagen
who injured his groin
and the second half did not come back replacement was dundee trost
difficult evening with lindes as an opponent here is the album by the way
take the ball
of a corner
for roda
headed away by linders
and that has many good ones
was also much smaller than a men's soccer field
Hans's fisherman is coming
and pay attention to the bar but in the center
a shot of evil
it goes astray
quading who had entered the team for reijners
who left the field injured in the first half
the second half all in all
the two finds increasingly uncertain play
violation of the turn
mvv I said that a lot
small nimble players does not have many
if a big strong guy waits
meijer
hoffmann
then you go
runners defended
language again
but you learn the france
and there the free head chance of talpa
that could be found more often in the front
must make moves with this earth
outward west
roda kept trying
it is a header of arnoldussen nice of transport basket
but the game of the Kerkrade team
full of anticipation, the game started this poverty
anja puts them away
he touches how all reacts perfectly
also trainer koster
lock with his assistants
they know that road again what should you do now
boerebach time and again with bella you in front of you
yes of course good distance disease but the conviction at boerebach
was missing from the evening
he also doesn't like to play
on the position but I had to act with sixteen so cross
users
disturbed in quadia 8
in the evening
for the boss
those with exuberances
and then hofman can participate
the demand for the second line plays a role
Users can defend well a shot from defender goal it touches
hansson
full in the face
This is one of our can match the season
fisherman's gordon
and there the stable
and who suddenly returns
how to rhyme the album
brings his team
with the enemy
at roda at 2 0 of course it is boerstra
most of them go too far for their goal but all keepers do
soccer is perfect
a few minutes then
pl
is always going well the player again missed a chance of fisherman japan of hansen
gabor westra prevents greater calamity
like the ten days ago
roda volendam and now behind against mtv that did not win so this competition
but now the winnings can no longer slip wilders
really the very last minute
Hoffmann with the last shot in the short corner, a save from Boelrestraat
so roda loses again
and wind mvv
for the first time this competition in Kerkrade with 2 0